Document autoinstall (bootstrap) (#756)
fisherman/fisherman: README.md

curl -sL https://git.io/fisher | source && fisher install jorgebucaran/fisher
```

### Automatic install

If you want to automatically install fisher when it is not present, you can add
the following at the top of your `~/.config/fish/config.fish`.

> If `fish_plugins` is present is readed first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `fish_plugins` is present, it is read first.
```
